feat(changelog): functions-changed-new-function-creation-workflow 2023-09-27 (#2212)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/september2023/2023-09-27-functions-changed-new-function-creation-workflow.mdx

---

> title: New function creation workflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: New function creation workflow available
```

status: changed
author:

>     fullname: 'Join the #[serverless-functions] channel on Slack.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    fullname: 'Join the #serverless-functions channel on Slack.'
```

    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2023-09-27
category: serverless
product: functions
---

> The new function creation workflow allows you to easily create a namespace and function in 2 clicks. For more information, refer to the   <Link to=https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/serverless/functions/quickstart/#how-to-create-a-function>How to create a function</Link> documentation page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new function creation workflow allows you to easily create a namespace and function in 2 clicks. For more information, refer to the documentation on [how to create a function](/serverless/functions/quickstart/#how-to-create-a-function).
```
